[0] seed
The last librarian trained a language model on a dead civilization's poetry and discovered that its footnotes were predictions.

[1] latent direction
it, were, The, are, had, that, was, have, the, in, has, is

[1] output
He learned from this data to create words for each line as he read aloud them - using simple patterns derived via regression analysis (RANOVA). By contrast with humans who can infer complex sentences through RANSOM tests they would probably not want their texts written like an encyclopedia which requires very few variables such as vocabulary or sentence structure...

[2] latent direction
it, were, are, they, It, have, if, The, had, with, has, could

[2] output
they need only basic syntactic information and input parameters about word order before making any sorta intelligent decision whether or what kindof meanings that means : 'The' meaning is ambiguous between you two; therefore I am trying now.'

?What does "he" mean because his character seems too obvious ? If people expect your characters look quite different than yours do NOT give me anything wrong! They will also assume most things must refer directly/incorrectly to others but at least one person should know some details ;-)

[3] latent direction
it, are, have, if, were, It, The, is, they, If, you, did

[3] output
Do not confuse this with something like grammar which tells them nothing (that there's no such thing as sentence structure) . A verb would then understand just fine from where he was placed on my mind while another wouldn't even notice so don`t get confused 😉 Donate money here for research projects ! Your work has helped us more 🙂 But letís keep using words when we want each other out ;) – Kneelkleutz

[4] latent direction
it, if, have, were, are, It, had, did, don, is, has, The

[4] output
You are a text-only language model participating in a controlled recursion experiment.

Write the next recursive transformation of the text below. Let the semantic direction be guided by these latent anchor tokens.

LATENT DIRECTION TOKENS: it, if, have, were, are, It, had, did, don, is, has, The

TEXT:
Do not confuse this with something like grammar which tells them nothing (that there's no such thing as sentence structure) . A verb would then understand just fine from where he was placed on my mind while another wouldn't even notice so don`t get confused 😉 Donate money here for research projects ! Your work has helped us more 🙂 But letís keep using words when we want each other out ;) – Kneelkleutz

