[0] The ancient mechanism was discovered deep beneath the ocean. Its gears [1] are located just below the surface of water and they have been used successfully, but the mechanism is too strong to maintain to the modern standards.

A study published recently in Nature revealed the original reason why this mechanism was able to hold the power of two hydrogen bombs, the B-52 and the B-52A. "The fact that the mechanism was made of three pieces of carbon would have provided the only reason for the modern use of it, and we don't believe it. We are [2] not sure that this was the only way to use it," says study lead author Yael Tew, professor of physics, Department of Physics, Department of Physics, the Institute of the Physics of the University of Potsdam in Berlin.

The research team, led by Tew, discovered the mechanism using a computer program that extracts carbon dioxide. The computer program then calculates the exact amount of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) in the air and uses that to calculate the amount of air needed to [3] make one bomb. The amount is then calculated with this program to convert that carbon dioxide to a standard fuel.

"It seems that the original fuel from the b-52 engine was given to the team as part of an elaborate project with the use of a small amount of carbon. But that was a completely unproven method of producing a bomb which required very little fuel, even when we use these kinds of devices. That was a major drawback to the system, the problem was that the design [4] and the performance of this type of system are not very good," says Tew.

"The basic concept was that CO 2 can't be converted to the standard fuel. This means that we need to extract CO 2 that has already been converted to that fuel so we can extract more CO 2 from it than we can from our watery equivalents," adds Tew.

The researchers also decided to test the ability of the b-52 to generate more energy than the B-52A [5] system because the current B-52A engines are too strong for the B-52 engine to withstand extreme environments, but they have succeeded.

The scientists say that the ability of the b-52 to generate more than one hydrogen bomb in this type of engine is important because it provides the means to bring a hydrogen bomb to the target, which may be difficult without using a different type of fuel, such as lead or diesel.

Explore further: Science discovers how the 'b-52 [6] ' engine worked [7] during flight

More information: R. L. Tew, Y. N. Potsdam, D. M. Hüssner, A. Tew, H. Hüsser and T. H. Tew, "The 'b-52 ' system can drive up to 3.5 times as much fuel as B-52A," Phys. Rev. Lett. 2 (2015) 241301 [9 [10] Â