[0] He looked in the mirror - there was nothing there, just the wall behind him, the opening of the doorway with the light-pull hanging down, and a bit of the shower curtain visible, but he wasn't in the reflection. then he saw through the doorway epening and managed to read the clock on the wall in the bedroom. It read [1] 7:13 - then it went off.


"Boys - they were out there!"

So the next day I decided to go to The Strictly Come Dancing club (not in the area that was in the mirror, but in the basement of the shop, and was in the main section) and there had to be an extra light in, so I had to turn on the tv and start thinking about it.

"Oh boy, that means they're getting old [2] and are gonna get bored!"

This story is pretty interesting. The girl in the mirror is in the bathroom, with the lights on and the light pulling down to the ceiling which is an unusual scene for a girl of this age. Her hair is in the mirror.


But don't take it seriously, it's really about getting as close as possible to your physical age.

She must have a boyfriend.

The thing about that is she was 16 and she was wearing [3] long, black shorts, and there was a shirt with two black buttons. She was with her dad who always had them back in his store.


It had two white pants. There was a jacket on.


She was wearing a blue hat, and the light was on and a tie was tied back. She was holding a hand-pump which was black, and she looked so much older.

I just didn't want to feel her, as the show always had her [4] doing this "stretching" thing, so I left her and got in to the car. The car was a little big and there was this huge, old VW parked at the bottom of the road and there was the car wash.


My dad would drive up and call and I would go and check up on her. He would drive over and just say "I have no idea what's going on" and then he'd say something like "Well...I'm sure it's a [5] little different. What do you guys think happened here"


So we drove on to the garage at work. The garage was on the right of the house, and there was this huge wall that was so huge that it was over a wall with a big sign on it.

"That's a lot of dirt!" I had to say.


As we drove up we stopped to get an opinion on who was the girl.

"I never met her, and I was [6] just going through her. I can still remember that feeling when she was on the phone with me, like, 'I feel it's been more than a year and a half ago. I've been through this already.'"


Then we drove and it was at this point when the sun started to set. And there was that weird feeling when you're in a sunburn or even a dark place, you know, when you're out on the beach and you kind of get cold and you feel [7] a little chilly, it feels weird.

My mom had gone out to dinner and my dad walked up.


"Oh dear, can you just put that light on, she's got one of these really old men in the shower right by the door? There's this guy who was holding back their own hair, and I'm just holding my own hair and trying to get his attention, and he's like, 'I don't want to watch your hair, I think it's
Setting `pad_token_id` to `eos_token_id`:50256 for open-end generation. [8] an old woman on an acid trip,' and it just happened to be over there on a very big screen, and you look over and you just see the back of his hand - I can't believe I'm walking in front of this screen and all, and then the curtain that comes out from behind his hand goes straight through his skin."


So we got out of there and the guy stood up and looked at her, he had a big white shirt and he said, "There's nothing [9] off-putting here. Just put that light on, I'm just going to have to be careful."

Then I saw in the mirror that he was sitting on the bed, all hair had gotten rid of the sun's rays from his hair. He said "there's no way this was an accident and you know, I was just thinking about it when he went in there and put the light on, and it just fell off, so I just turned on the TV and started thinking [1] about how I don't want to be here, it's about that other guy I was supposed to be on. There's been so much anger, there's been so much hatred, and I'm still not here, I'm not here to stop this from happening to my family and friends, and they want to just put some more pressure on me to leave, to stop all of this happening so bad and to actually put things in order for me to work, but that's not my goal.' [2] At the time, Miller was looking into whether to pursue a legal action if he was charged with murder or assault. He said it was unclear whether he would seek a plea or trial, because he was only 17. "My plan right now is not to go into that now, not at this point," he said.

He is not alone. Last week, a young man from the city of Cleveland and her two young daughters were killed in a home invasion at gunpoint in Cleveland [3] 's Cuyahoga County. They were found dead from gunshot wounds while their parents slept in the living room, a witness said. They were left in a bathtub. There is a video of the shooting and a report that the man is a friend of the dead children. According to police, the couple were the parents of one of the victims, who did not want to be identified. The men did not respond to requests for comment for this story.

While Miller was in the house [4] , his neighbor discovered the house was being burglarized and called 911. Two SWAT officers were there. He didn't know it at the time, but the officers were there. They searched the home and found that the men had entered it with the same kind of weapons they had when they were being chased. Miller was in the bedroom and woke to find the man inside the room with his guns out. It's not clear exactly why he opened the home up, but the men in the bedroom had [5] all kinds of guns. The first SWAT officer, Sergeant John A. O'Connor, then entered the room, grabbed the man, handcuffed him, and started firing. He shot him two or three times before A.O.Connor got out.

A.O.Connor fired a single shot into the house, killing the man. The two officers involved were shot to death. A.O.Connor was ordered to leave the area after the shootings and is being held on $50, [6] 000 bond. His daughter is also charged with first-degree murder. Police are questioning a man who claims that he used to work for the men and that the men then left.

Miller is being tried as an adult, and is scheduled to appear on the 14th Circuit Court of Appeals on Feb. 10. He has been ordered to perform 15 hours of community service and has been suspended from school, his lawyer says.

The man, identified only as Thomas, was at the home [7] when he was shot, and they never saw each other again. Two officers had to drop off Miller and a friend at the home. He was in a crib and was asleep on his back when the two officers went into the house, police said.

Police did not find any evidence to show a weapon on either the man's body or in his arms. A search of a large area of the family home in northeast Cleveland shows a handgun, but no weapon was found at the scene. [8] Police said they did not know if Miller had a firearm.

In recent years, gun control has spread to other cities and places. People at a bar in Chicago recently heard stories of shootings, and guns were still being used against people from the street.

But that seems to have spread to other parts of the country.

In a February 2010 story in the Huffington Post, a police officer named Officer Sean Carter told the story of three brothers who were murdered in a home invasion on [9] South Cleveland Avenue. The brothers had allegedly been robbed on a Saturday evening, and according to police, it was Carter's sister, who was asleep in the family bedroom in the home, who killed the men.

He said that police were watching for a suspicious car parked on South Cleveland Street where a man had been waiting on the street. Carter said that when a group of four young men approached the residence, the men were approached with guns.

"I walked into the bedroom and saw 
