[0] The corner of the darkened room was quiet. too quiet - somethin was there, notmaking a noise. red eyes glowed [1] dimly across the dark table, while a girl's head tilted slightly. She was on her knees beside one of the tables, and she held a cup of her coffee that was too high. She took the cup in her hand, and put it against her right side, and took a little breath, the rest. her lips kissed her cheek. "I'm so sorry, I was so sorry." she whispered to herself, and turned her head. "I never thought I would wake up. [2] I didn't think my mother would let me have the peace we had before. But this morning, you were thinking about your mother," she said, as she walked up to the table, and opened the cup, and drank it. the coffee was warm and full of flavor, and not sweetened. the woman, still looking from where she was sitting with the cups of coffee in her hands, looked at him. "you're too young, are you?" she asked. She seemed to know [3] him well, perhaps the most vivid way he knew her. "yes" he said to her. "I am." It was clear that he was talking to her, but she knew what he was doing. the young man had come down and they were out of his world. no more than ten minutes had elapsed, and a pause filled the room. he was talking to her, and she was listening, and then he came up and sat down beside her, and kissed her cheek. she was [4] looking at him with great surprise. he was not trying to play pranks, just talking so he could talk with her. it had been five hours since they had had anything to say in the world. she thought, and tried to smile. he was a big man, and she saw the woman's face as if she had seen him, that was clearly the same as his. the white face. red eyes, red lips, and she knew him for some time, but the fact that he [5] was talking and kissing her only brought a certain repulsion. when she saw him, she felt like he had never left her before. the young man was talking. and she knew she wanted to be kissed, but he could be anything she wanted. he was talking and kissing her. her eyes met his. he turned to her, and she knew she wanted the kiss, so she didn't. when they returned to their own room she came out of the bathroom, and saw the young man in [6] front of her, and the man was talking to her, the man was kissing her cheek. she looked at him with horror. he looked down at her and realized there was a lump forming in his cheek. "you look so hot. you look so nice." the man told her, and gave her a kiss on the lips, and then sat beside her again. they kissed and kissed again. they were almost like sisters on the inside, they loved each other, and they had been married for [7] a little over a year. yet they were beginning to fall apart, and they were starting to think of love. he was talking to her now, and she had never seen him or heard his voice. he started to play a game with her, and suddenly she had a sudden change of heart. she started to cry. he told her what was wrong, and she went to help. she told him that he must have been talking to her, and he told her to sit down next to him [8] and tell him what she thought about this, to tell him how important love was, and to tell him that she wanted him to be here and that he had to get there. it took her time to get to her feet, and she said she did not want to be alone. then she came out of the bathroom with her hands up around her chest, and saw the man standing over her. the man seemed very serious. when he came, and she began to cry, and he was about [9] to pull his face up and say, he wanted to kiss her. but he just put his head down and did not ask her questions, but took her hand again and put a hand around hers and put his hand around hers. it took her some time to get to her feet. but when she got to her feet, he walked over to her, put his hand on her chest, and kissed her. it took her a few moments to understand what was happening. he pulled her hand and pushed 