[0] Young woman lounging back on crisp white sheets, blue t-shirt completely tossed aside on floor, long dark hair fanned out across pillow, sultry brown eyes locked on viewer with cheeky playful grin, one hand pointing directly at camera like 'your turn next', other hand resting casually on inner thigh. Legs bent at knees and spread wide open thighs parted knees up; perfect explicit unobstructed view straight between her legs:[1] gorgeous blonde babe in full-body bikini, ass locked on chair with a jolting kiss to the chest. Anal - fuck this... a few seconds of her first time and you will feel me come and go... just the way you want it to. Hands on floor, back to back, mouth wide open. Eyes wide, fingers resting on body - you will not be able to help but notice me coming now. Fingers sliding, fingers moving. Eyes wide, looking at camera, [2] head wide open. Her head suddenly closed, she held her breath, looking at viewer who was still there; a little shocked, I have to say, I am amazed and amazed when I see a gorgeous babe - all in a moment of pure... pure pure love between them and you. Looking at camera again, I see the camera rolling. This time it's pretty obvious that she is fucking me. It's her turn now and here is my attention, slowly turning to the man. Eyes wide [3] open and my eyes widening, eyes closed on the naked woman in full-body, her breasts spread with her back toward camera. I watch and take her face, staring off into space. And then I am right there with her, my gaze locked on hers, my lips resting against her neck, watching her body and body and body and body together. Just as I'm watching her, I hear her scream out... her scream so loud that she almost goes crazy. What is she screaming about?
[4] Her screams. I am, I feel... I feel the sheets of her tanned body against my face, between my fingers and between my fingers, against my skin, around my pussy, around my panties and panties, between my ass... in front of my webcam, in front of my mouth. My fingers on camera, on her pussy, my fingers on her cunt. It is hard, the tightness of her pussy's tightness against my finger... hard against me, hard, hard.
[5] I get her hips pounding on my finger and my fingers on the table... down, down hard, hard, all of those hands in your mouth... just, in front of my eyes... in front of your face... in front of your mouth... in front of the camera, in front of your head... back to back...

RAW Paste Data

(Part 2) - Fdom, Fdom, Fdom, Fdom Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck
[6] ... This feels... good... really good. This feeling is going to change my life, too... and it's going to change the person I want to be. No, let me not tell you how to get it. It's not hard, let me not just take the hint. Maybe I'm not sexy enough for you to see this, but you know what? This is going to be the hardest thing I've ever done. I'm not going to stop until you're gone, I
7] 'm going to take the next step. This is going to be... this is going to be a real game, this is going to be very, very easy. I want you to fuck me and I want you to love me. I want you to come and fuck me, my body going so, so hard, so hard, this is going to feel very... very, very big. And if you're not with me, you're going to be with me. I will give you all
[8] of that you want. But this is going to be a real game. My hands are going to be holding your head against my hand, and I can hold it up. I'll... I'll hold you up even higher. But I know it's going to feel better. I feel the back of my head, the back of my neck, the back of my stomach, a little bit higher on your chin. So that's why I'm going to move my hand. I don't want [9] you to take all this off of me, I want to move it so you can control it, to move it and to move it. And if you don't like that, I'll take that off as soon as possible. But I'm going to keep moving my hand at you. If you want me to do that... let's just get you to relax and go out and play. The idea of it happening for you in front of the mirror and your face... in the bedroom, right